What is getting engaged and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to create a new page and that will be the higher mean page so if someone
clicks this button or if someone clicks this then he should be redirected to the new page that says
hire me.
So that is going to be fun.
We'll be using this elemental plug in to talk.
OK.
And we're going to be we're coming up with this.
So we need to customization is that if someone clicks this button on computer devices than it should
open up a pop up right here and if someone clicks this hired me button on mobile devices or smaller
devices than it should take them to the page.
So we're going to do that as well.
In this word press OK and it is also easy.
And also one more thing that I would like to say is that if I just decrease the size of my web sites
or if I just come here and if if someone is viewing this website on a mobile device then you will see
that this website will not look good.
OK.
Let me just show you.
You can see how this is coming this is coming really above and this.
This is coming here disburden is right here.
This is the line that is coming.
And this is coming like this.
What I can do is perfect.
Need a professional developer is not looking good.
So I want to I want to just small the fun of this and everything.
So we're going to also do this mobile optimization as well because this is also very important if you
want to create a web site.
And Google really emphasizes on a Web site to be mobile responsive and user friendly if your website
is not user friendly and mobile responsive then Google will not send you traffic and we will not consider
your website to be the best so make sure that you Daddy-O website is mobile responsive.
I'll show you later on said Do not worry.
I'm here.
OK.
So let's get started.
And what we want to do is that we want to create a new page and that is going to be that if someone
clicks disburden on mobile device then it should be taken to that page.
And if someone takes this burden on a normal device or like a computer I am on a computer than it should
open up a pop up right here.
So person can just enter his details.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all what I have to do I have to just hit save.
OK.
And you can see that this has been saved right here.
I'm just going to go here and I'm going to hit this exit and I'm going to go to the dashboard
and I want to create a new page so we're not totally done with our home page we're going to add some
more stuff.
But in our home page so we'll just add some more stuff later on.
But first I want to build a new hire me page so I'm just going to click here to add Neal.
And here I want to add.
Hire me.
OK.
And I just want to come here to the default template that should be the default template.
And I want to go down word taste to out.
It should be 100 percent full that the headers should be minimal.
So we need to select the minimal right here.
We don't want to select the transparency because we don't want to be transparent.
I'm going to like just to be minimal and I'm going to go down and word to the title I'm going to come
here and I'm going to get to say bull.
So now let's go ahead and let's publish this speech and let's see our page.
So let's show you this page have a go.
You can see that this is howre pages looking.
The reason is that I haven't made the speech to be transparent.
OK so if you want it to be transparent you can go with that you can go with the default if you choose
that default one.
It is going to be different and it's going to make some problem for you.
OK.
So make sure that you don't do that.
So you can go web.
Sorry.
Let's go to the header and let's go here and it should be transparent.
Kate let's him here and let's hit a update
now here what I have to do I need to come here and I want to click your edit elementary.
It's going to take me to the new page where element Tor would be here and I can manage this page.
So let's wait.
Here we go.
You can see we have our Everything coming right here.
I want to add.
First of all I want to add a header right here.
Paris should be the styling things that is hire me.
So I am just going to add the previous version where people can just add me or the higher means I'm
going to click and section I'm going to click the full read.
OK.
And now here I want to add the background image to my background image is going to be let's give here
style Let's come here to the bathroom.
Type click classic
OK.
Now let's come here to image and I want to add this image.
And I want a head insert media
and it should be full black.
OK so I need to add the overlay.
But first I want to do some stuff.
The position is going to be default attachment should be fixed and the size should be covered.
So now the parallax effect has been added.
I want to go here and I want to add the Bactrim overlay.
And the Bactrian overlay is going to be I want to give the background overlay to be bluish.
OK.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to hit classic.
So let's come here.
Letted blue.
And I can see that it has been added.
I want to make it a little bit more darker and like this is fine.
OK.
Now when I come here I'm going to click here once again.
Sorry OK.
And I want this to be full.
So now let's come here let's go to the lay out and let's go to the height that it should be a minimum
height and the minimum height is going to be 350 pixels or 300
throwing ridiculous fine.
I want to add thing right here.
That should be hire me.
OK let's come here on CBS basically.
So
I want to add to the lay out.
Let's come here let's clear this guy let's grab this and let's drop here.
I want to add this to be hire me so it can be like for me.
OK.
And I want to just bring this to center here.
So this is a line center.
When I come here to style I want to come here is this guy right here and let's choose to color to be
white.
Let's come here to the topography let's increase the size
of family and it should be open sounds the fate should be 300.
So here you can see that this is home of absurdest looking.
We have this hire me right here.
OK.
Now what I want.
You can see that this is transparent.
OK.
This is just because it is.
This team is thinking that we have the transparent hatter.
What do we have made the customization there.
So if I just go to and deal dot com and then slash and then hire me
then you will see how my website is looking.
You can see this is on my website.
Again this is not getting the thing that the header to be minimal.
So I'm going to go ahead I'm going to update Basically I wanted the header to be minimal.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit the beach.
Here you go.
This is how my head is looking so if you want your head to look transparent you can go with this but
I think transparency is looking much better.
So I'm just going to I'm here and I'm going to edit page and I'm going to go down.
I want to go to the header and it should be the default one.
So let's go ahead and let it update.
So default one will trap the default settings from the user.
You guys know about the customizes and how the customized works.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit view page and this is how my body just looking.
We have a higher me and then I want to add a content section Rahel should be a contact form where people
can just enter his name address his business name and his phone number and then he can hire me for like
ten dollars or something like that so you can sell it later on.
Well we'll be adding a contact form only.
OK.
So we'll be doing that in the next video so stay tuned.
And bloddy.